# Jenkins Notifier

This chrome only extension should notifier users of their Jenkins job's status changes.

## Features

- Allows you to add any Jenkins repo for tracking
- Shows you real-time the status of each job in a repo
- Easy non-cluttered UI
- Direct link to each Jenkins repo and job

## Planned features

- Customizable Jenkins link
- Sort repo list and jobs
- Toggleable 'Add repo to Jenkins Notifier automatically' injected into Jenkins webpage
- Add Firefox support


In development

## Loading Unpacked Extension in Chrome

1. Navigate to [chrome://extensions](chrome://extensions)
2. Enable developer mode
3. Click `Load Unpacked`
4. Select the build folder. (Generated by [npm run build](#npm-run-build))

## Screenshots
Screenshots are available in [Demo_Images Directory](./Demo_Images)

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm run start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

Not all features are available for testing with this command due to making network requests. For dev testing it's better to use the [npm run build](#`npm-run-build`) command. 

### `npm run test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

This command is also useful for building the extension for testing in the chrome extension context. If you've followed [Loading Unpacked Extensions](#Loading-Unpacked-Extension-in-Chrome) running this command will automatically give you the latest changes in the extension once it's been reloaded.

You can see run time errors in the chrome extensions page and click the 'errors' button.

## Contributing

Contributions are always accepted in the form of an issue or PR.
